## FORMAT: <channel name> - <group>

Chillhop Music (jazzy & lofi hip hop beats) - Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yx6BWlEVcY

Avex J-Pop 24/7 - Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tr77RbnfYIU

Tomorrowland: One World Radio - Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBgSH-CGPzg

JapanesePod101 Live - Education
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3nH0tIpK68

Korea.net Live - Education
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ym_Tf2dSWGY

Linus Tech Tips TV - Education
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzLdFmPncms

Sky News - News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Auq9mYxFEE

France 24 (English) - News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3MuIUNCCzI

CGTN Europe - News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UP5z9dRC6RU

CNA - News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWq5kBlakcQ

ABC News (US) - News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOtxXPaQvoM

ABC News (AU) - News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOTiJkg1voo

Bloomberg Global - News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dp8PhLsUcFE

Euronews - News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pykpO5kQJ98

NDTV 24x7 - News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nen3UXaWDDE

Al Jazeera English - News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCNeDWCI0vo

TRT World - News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5VF4aor94gw

CNBC Marathon - News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NyxcX3rhQs

DW News - News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqabxBKzZ6M

NHK World Japan - News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0lYkdA-Gtw

Relaxing Jazz Piano Radio - Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dx5qFachd3A

Epidemic Pop - Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrEckgZZapI

TOKYO Cafe - Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uddGul0oAc

Rainy Jazz: Relaxing Jazz & Bossa Nova Music Radio - Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSGyEsJ17cI

Little Soul: Music to put you in a better mood - Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XstikgbeTPI

Lofi Girl: lofi hip hop radio (beats to relax/study to) - Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfKfPfyJRdk

Lofi Girl: lofi hip hop radio (beats to sleep/chill to) - Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUxyKA_-grg

Jazz Cafe Ambience - Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AEKtQW93OVg

Abao in Tokyo: jazz/lofi hip hop radio - Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAZoLuME-PU

The Good Life Radio - Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36YnV9STBqc

Vibing with KPop with KBS WORLD TV - Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_DDAguhXTw

KBS KOREA Live - News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxQQsIvJTTU

FeelingInTheBeat - Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCDoE4lONbE

NASA Starbase Live - Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhJRzQsLZGg

EarthCam Live: Times Square - Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-iS7LArMPA

渋谷スクランブル交差点 Shibuya Scramble Crossing Live Camera - Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kPH7kTphnE

ABC 7 SWFL - Local
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XObsOutMlh8
